Sign this
Is my wife kidding?
It's April Fool's Day today.
Keep your eyes peeled.
You're the delivery guy.
Still a small order
Our lady
Now she is a hot female star in Great Xia
Look, don't bark here
Who I am you will never imagine
Stop talking nonsense and go
I want to ask
Wife
What are you doing?
As you see as you see
So you didn't want to see me?
Was drinking with this man
Not just today
I never want to see you again
Did you hear that?
It's true.
Haven't you realized the reality?
Sign it, you really want to divorce me?
Xue Zhilong, are you still dreaming?
Don't you understand? I don't understand
Since you don't understand human language
OK, then I'll tell you clearly.
As a son-in-law
Come to my neighbor's house for four years
For four years, you were just an errand runner.
Delivering food gets nowhere
And I went from being an actor to something like that.
Became the hottest actress in the building
The identities between us are like clouds and mud
That's what you thought
I was going to give the Golden Dragon Award for Best Actress
I'll give it to you hahahaha Golden Dragon Award.
Just by your right